# Briefly explain the work that you did on this project: What code were you given? What code did you create yourself?
For Project Two, the code I was provided included the TreasureMaze.py and GameExperience.py files where there was code for states, rewards, actions, storing episodes, and predicting actions. I was also provided sample code for the environment and the neural network model which was a deep neural net. I needed to create a deep Q-learning algorithm to train a pirate intelligent agent to traverse a maze to a treasure. The path created by the agent needed to optimize the rewards the agent could possibly receive and the agent needed to achieve a 100% win rate.
# What do computer scientists do and why does it matter?
Computer scientists are able to branch into a variety of fields as their knowledge of data science, programming, software, and algorithms can help solve many different problems. This matters because as we move into the future, automating complex issues, using these skills for entertainment purposes, developing websites, AI, and more (there is a wide scope) can benefit society overall.
# How do I approach a problem as a computer scientist?
As a computer scientist, it would be beneficial to understand how a person solves a problem, how a computer can mimic that process using an algorithm, and write the code necessary to do just that in a way that is maintainable, adaptable, and readable. 
# What are my ethical responsibilities to the end user and the organization?
Ethically, it is important to be transparent to the end user about how data is being used and to receive their consent. I also need to prioritize data minimization, accuracy, purpose limitation, and accountability for people's personal data and how it is used. This can be detrimental for an organization if, for instance, a data breach occurred. Not only can this result in huge financial losses, but a blow to the reputation of the organization as well.
